Update macros after 2.4.0 release (#487)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/ch10-01-unrecoverable-errors-with-panic.md

Executing this program will yield the same error message as before. In that case, if there is no need for an array and multiple values to be returned within the error, so `panic_with_felt252` is a more succinct alternative.

## `panic!` macro

> `panic!` macro has been introduced with cairo version 2.4.0. The previous example returning the error code 2 shows how convenient `panic!` macro is. There is no need to create an array and pass it as argument like `panic` function.

Reviewer: Remove all mentions of the compiler version, I think it can only confuse readers - if the feature is available, we simply mention it, otherwise we don't

> ```rust

Reviewer: This should be in a `listings` subdirectory, not directly in the markdown

fn main() {
    if true == true {
        panic!("2");
    }
    println!("This line isn't reached");
}
```

> Unlike `panic_with_felt252` function, using `panic!` allows the input, which is ultimately the panic error, to be a literal longer than 31 bytes. This is because `panic!` takes a formatted byte array as parameter. For example, the following line of code will successfully compile: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the `panic_with_felt252` function, using `panic!` allows the input, which is ultimately the panic error, to be a literal longer than 31 bytes. This is because `panic!` takes a string as parameter. For example, the following line of code will successfully compile: 
```

lets keep it simple

We are asserting in main that `my_number` is not zero to ensure that we're not performing a division by 0.
In this example, `my_number` is zero so the assertion will fail, and the program will panic
with the string 'number is zero' (as a felt252) and the division will not be reached.

## `assert!` and `assert_eq` macros

> Cairo version 2.4.0 introduced `assert!` and `assert_eq` macros. Similarly to `panic!` macro, they both allow to use a panic error string longer than 31 bytes which can be formatted. It is also possible to omit the panic error.

Reviewer: same, remove version mention

> Cairo version 2.4.0 introduced `assert!` and `assert_eq` macros. Similarly to `panic!` macro, they both allow to use a panic error string longer than 31 bytes which can be formatted. It is also possible to omit the panic error.

Reviewer: You need to mention that `assert_eq!` can __only be used in tests__ (and the types compared need to implement `Debug`

`assert!` macro checks whether a condition holds and panics otherwise: 

```rust

> let var1 = 1;

Reviewer: should be a .cairo file under listings/

let var2 = 2;
assert!(var1 != var2);
assert!(var1 != var2, "values should not be equal");
assert!(var1 != var2, "{},{} should not be equal", var1, var2);
```

`assert_eq!` macro checks whether 2 values are equal and panics otherwise:

> ```rust

Reviewer: should be a .cairo file under listings/
